Traceability: adding DT qualityTask; PCF: adding synchronous data exchange (#1307)
eclipse-tractusx/eclipse-tractusx.github.io: docs-kits/kits/product-carbon-footprint-exchange-kit/changelog.md

![PCF Exchange kit banner](@site/static/img/kits/pcf/pcf-kit-logo.svg)

> ## 25.09 (CX-Saturn)
> 
> Added
> 
> - Synchronous data exchange via data pull and digital twins according to industry core standard/kit
> - Add customerPartID in data model
> 
> ## PCF Exchange KIT
> 
> All notable changes to this Kit will be documented in this file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PCF Exchange KIT

All notable changes to this Kit will be documented in this file.

## [1.3.0] - 2025-09-29

### Added

- Synchronous data exchange via data pull and digital twins according to industry core standard/kit
- Add customerPartID in data model

```
